fix: adjacent code spans (#21160)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/client-side_web_apis/third_party_apis/index.md

- The search term, which has to be specified in the `q` URL parameter (the value is taken from the value of the `searchTerm` text {{htmlelement("input")}}).
- The document type to return results for, as specified in an expression passed in via the `fq` URL parameter. In this case, we want to return articles.

> Next, we use a couple of [`if ()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else) statements to check whether the `startDate` and `endDate` elements have had values filled in on them. If they do, we append their values to the URL, specified in `begin_date` and `end_date` URL parameters respectively.

Reviewer: A little iffy about this one. Should we use `form control` instead? or explain where these elements are (the var is referenced in the js, but not introduced before that or after i dont' think)

> Next, we use a couple of [`if ()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else) statements to check whether the `startDate` and `endDate` elements have had values filled in on them. If they do, we append their values to the URL, specified in `begin_date` and `end_date` URL parameters respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we use a couple of [`if ()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else) statements to check whether the form controls with the `id`s `startDate` and `endDate` have had values filled in on them. If they do, we append their values to the URL, specified in `begin_date` and `end_date` URL parameters respectively.
```
